Readme (#3)
stackhpc/openhpc-demo: README.md

    pip install -U pip
    pip install -U setuptools
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ansible-galaxy install -r requirements.yml -p roles # FIXME - needs git nfs role too currently
    cd roles
    git clone git@github.com:stackhpc/ansible-role-openhpc.git # FIXME
    cd ..
    yum install terraform
    terraform init

# Deploy nodes with Terraform

- Modify the keypair in `main.tf` and ensure the required Centos images are available on OpenStack.
- Activate the virtualenv and create the instances:

      . venv/bin/activate
      terraform apply

This creates an ansible inventory file `./inventory`.

Note that this terraform deploys instances onto an existing network - for production use you probably want to create a network for the cluster.

# Create and configure cluster with Ansible

Now run one or more playbooks using:

    ansible-playbook -i inventory <playbook.yml>

Available playbooks are:

- `slurm-simple.yml`: A basic slurm cluster.
- `slurm-db.yml`: The basic slurm cluster plus slurmdbd backed by mariadb on the login/control node, which provides more detailed accounting.

> - `monitoring.yml`: Add basic monitoring, with prometheus and grafana on the login/control node providing graphical dashboards (over http) showing cpu/network/memory/etc usage for each cluster node. Run either `slurm-simple.yml` or `slurm-db.yml` first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `monitoring-simple.yml`: Add basic monitoring, with prometheus and grafana on the login/control node providing graphical dashboards (over http) showing cpu/network/memory/etc usage for each cluster node. Run `slurm-simple.yml` first.
- `monitoring-db.yml`: Basic monitoring plus statistics and dashboards for Slurm jobs . Run `slurm-db.yml` first.
```

> - `stats.yml`: Extend monitoring to include statistics and dashboards for Slurm jobs. Run `slurm-db.yml` and `monitoring.yml` first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Removed as suggested on slack.
